update github page with detailed example (#19)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-raman: README.md

within the field of raman into a standardized representation using the
[NeXus](https://www.nexusformat.org/) application definition [NXraman](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/nexus_definitions/classes/contributed_definitions/NXraman.html#nxraman).

## Step-by-Step Example
Download the repository via git clone:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-raman.git
```
Switch to the project root folder:
```shell
cd pynxtools-raman
```

> You see 3 Folders:
> - examples: contains example datasets, to show how the data conversion is done (currently 1 example from WITec and 1 example from the Raman Open Database)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You see three folders:
- examples: contains example datasets, to show how the data conversion is done (currently one example from WITec and one example from the Raman Open Database)
```
Write out numbers one through nine

Author: done

- tests: contains a test procedure and files, which are required for software development

> - src/pynxtools_raman: contains the source files, which contain the sub-reader function for Raman experiments. This only works in combination with the Python package [pynxtools](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools). This contains the [Multiformat Reader](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/pynxtools/how-tos/use-multi-format-reader.html) and the respective sub-reader functions for WITec or the Raman Open Database. This also contains the config.json files in src/pynxtools_raman/config, which are necessary to map the data via the Multiformat Reader, by as well allowing individual adjustments. In this way each laboratory is able to map the data via the same reader, while each laboratory has its own individual electronic lab notebook structure.

Reviewer: The MultiFormatReader is not contained within src/pynxtools_raman, only a reader that inherits from it

> Consider setting up an invididual python environment, to seperate the python fuctnionalities of this package from the python funtionalities of your operating system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider setting up an individual python environment to seperate the python functionalities of this package from the python funtionalities of your operating system:
```

Author: restructured this part.

> Consider setting up an invididual python environment, to seperate the python fuctnionalities of this package from the python funtionalities of your operating system:

Reviewer: I would just put a link to resources describing venvs in python, see https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools#installation

Author: I put a link in addition to this - anyway want to keep this short how to for this.

For Ubuntu-based systems:
```shell
python -m venv .pyenv
source .pyenv/bin/activate
```
Verify its location via:
```shell
which python
```
It should point to the python folder, you created above with the name `.pyenv`.

Install the python package:
```shell
pip install .
```
**Perform a data conversion**
for the WITec dataset via:
```shell
dataconverter examples/witec/txt/eln_data.yaml examples/witec/txt/Si-wafer-Raman-Spectrum-1.txt src/pynxtools_raman/config/config_file_witec.json --reader raman --nxdl NXraman --output new_witec_example_neuxs.nxs
```

and for the Raman Open Database dataset set via:
```shell
dataconverter examples/database/rod/rod_file_1000679.rod src/pynxtools_raman/config/config_file_rod.json --reader raman --nxdl NXraman --output new_rod_example_neuxs.nxs
```

**For Example for the Raman Open Database command:**
- You assign the reader name via `--reader raman`.

> - You assign the NeXus definition language (nxdl) via `--nxdl NXraman`.

Reviewer: You don't assing the NeXus definition language, you define which application definition that is _described_ in nxdl to use.

Author: ah yea, all right. Adjusted it.

- You specify the name and path of the output file via `--output new_rod_example_neuxs.nxs`.
- You assign an individualized config file via `src/pynxtools_raman/config/config_file_rod.json`. The config file is detected by its extension `.json`.

> - You give the file, which includes the meta and measurement data via `examples/database/rod/rod_file_1000679.rod`. The parser is specified to detect the `.rod` file, and handle the content appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You give the file which includes the meta and measurement data via `examples/database/rod/rod_file_1000679.rod`. The parser is specified to detect the `.rod` file, and handle the content appropriately.
```

Author: done

## Docs

> Extensive documentation of this pynxtools plugin is available [here](https://fairmat-nfdi.github.io/pynxtools-raman/). You can find information about getting started, how-to guides, the supported file formats, how to get involved, and much more there.

Reviewer: This link does not exist (yet).
